Add logrotate example to backend reference (#2387)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.19/reference/backend.md

### Log rotation

Event logging supports log rotation via the _SIGHUP_ signal.

> To rotate event logs, first rename (move) the current log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually rotate event logs, first rename (move) the current log file.
```

Then, send the _SIGHUP_ signal to the sensu-backend process so it creates a new log file and starts logging to it.

> #### Log rotation for systemd logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because event log files can grow very quickly for larger Sensu installations, we recommend using `logrotate` to automatically rotate log files.

#### Log rotation for systemd
```

### Log rotation

Event logging supports log rotation via the _SIGHUP_ signal.
To manually rotate event logs, first rename (move) the current log file.
Then, send the _SIGHUP_ signal to the sensu-backend process so it creates a new log file and starts logging to it.

> Because event log files can grow very quickly for larger Sensu installations, we recommend using `logrotate` to automatically rotate log files.

Reviewer: Most linux distributions include `logrotate` as a standard utility, but by default it is configured to run once a day. As a result, folks who want to use our example logrotate configuration to rotate logs more frequently than once a day may need to take steps to configure logrotate to run once an hour [as described here](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/29574/how-can-i-set-up-logrotate-to-rotate-logs-hourly).

> Because event log files can grow very quickly for larger Sensu installations, we recommend using `logrotate` to automatically rotate log files.

Author: ```suggestion
Most Linux distributions include `logrotate` to automatically rotate log files as a standard utility, configured to run once per day by default.
Because event log files can grow quickly for larger Sensu installations, we recommend using `logrotate` to automatically rotate log files more frequently.
To use the example log rotation configurations listed below, you may need to [configure `logrotate` to run once per hour][29].
```

### Log rotation

Event logging supports log rotation via the _SIGHUP_ signal.
To manually rotate event logs, first rename (move) the current log file.

> Then, send the _SIGHUP_ signal to the sensu-backend process so it creates a new log file and starts logging to it.

Author: @cwjohnston seems like this might be the right place to mention the reload issue with clustered backends prior to 5.19.3, but I'm not sure if that only applies to `systemctl reload` or if it would happen for the sysvinit example too.

Reviewer: Unfortunately I believe it applies equally to sysvinit and systemd. Sending `SIGHUP` manually, `systemctl reload sensu-backend` and /etc/init.d/sensu-backend reload` are all doing the same thing.

}
{{< /highlight >}}

Without the `postrotate` script, the backend will not reload.
This will cause sensu-backend (and sensu-agent, if translated for the Sensu agent) to no longer write to the log file, even if logrotate recreates the log file.

> Read [Log Sensu services with systemd][28] to learn how to add log forwarding from journald to syslog, have rsyslog write logging data to disk, and set up log rotation of the newly created log files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% notice note %}}
**NOTE**: Event logs do not include log messages produced by sensu-backend service. If you wish to write Sensu service logs to flat files on disk, read [Log Sensu services with systemd][28] to learn how.
{{% /notice %}}
```

> #### Log rotation for sysvinit logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Log rotation for sysvinit
```

}
{{< /highlight >}}

Without the `postrotate` script, the backend will not reload.

> This will cause sensu-backend (and sensu-agent, if translated for the Sensu agent) to no longer write to the log file, even if logrotate recreates the log file.

Reviewer: Per [Eric's comment here](https://github.com/sensu/sensu-enterprise-go/issues/1010), I think we need to make some adjustments or add a call out. 

Using `systemctl reload` sends a SIGHUP to the sensu-backend process.

Prior to 5.19.3, a reload will cause sensu-backend to fully restart -- so operators should be mindful of this so that they don't simultaneously restart all the members of a clustered backend. 

For version 5.19.3 and later, SIGHUP will cause only event logging components to reload. For backends running 5.19.3, it should be safe for all members of a backend cluster to receive a SIGHUP simultaneously.

{{% notice note %}}

> **NOTE**: Event logs do not include log messages produced by sensu-backend service. If you wish to write Sensu service logs to flat files on disk, read [Log Sensu services with systemd][28] to learn how.

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Event logs do not include log messages produced by sensu-backend service. To write Sensu service logs to flat files on disk, read [Log Sensu services with systemd][28].
```

}
{{< /highlight >}}

Without the `postrotate` script, the backend will not reload.

> This will cause sensu-backend (and sensu-agent, if translated for the Sensu agent) to no longer write to the log file, even if logrotate recreates the log file.

Author: ```suggestion
This will cause sensu-backend (and sensu-agent, if translated for the Sensu agent) to no longer write to the log file, even if logrotate recreates the log file.

In this script, `systemctl reload` sends a _SIGHUP_ signal to the sensu-backend process.

- In Sensu Go versions 5.19.2 and earlier, this reload causes sensu-backend to fully restart.
If you are running a clustered backend, all cluster members will restart at the same time.
- In [Sensu Go version 5.19.3][30] and later, the _SIGHUP_ signal causes only event logging components to reload, so cluster members will not simultaneously restart.
```

  notifempty
  compress
  postrotate

>     /sbin/service sensu-backend reload > /dev/null 2>/dev/null || true

Reviewer: I think we need to revert the change to this line -- I've had a look at the sysvinit scripts and they don't implement the logic needed for `service sensu-backend reload` to work. The `kill -HUP` approach is correct for sysvinit.

>     /sbin/service sensu-backend reload > /dev/null 2>/dev/null || true

Author: ```suggestion
    kill -HUP `cat /var/run/sensu/sensu-backend.pid 2> /dev/null` 2> /dev/null || true
```

}
{{< /highlight >}}

Without the `postrotate` script, the backend will not reload.
This will cause sensu-backend (and sensu-agent, if translated for the Sensu agent) to no longer write to the log file, even if logrotate recreates the log file.

In this script, `systemctl reload` sends a _SIGHUP_ signal to the sensu-backend process.

- In Sensu Go versions 5.19.2 and earlier, this reload causes sensu-backend to fully restart.

> If you are running a clustered backend, all cluster members will restart at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running a clustered backend, rotating logs on all cluster members simultaneously could lead to a service interruption.
```

> - In [Sensu Go version 5.19.3][30] and later, the _SIGHUP_ signal causes only event logging components to reload, so cluster members will not simultaneously restart.

Reviewer: From reading over https://github.com/sensu/sensu-go/pull/3723 I think the entire `backend` component is reloaded, not just event logging.

```suggestion
- In [Sensu Go version 5.19.3][30] and later, the _SIGHUP_ signal causes the `backend` component to reload instead of restarting the process.
```

That said, we added a handler for SIGUSR1 in 5.20.0. I think we'd be well served to add a section in this doc which describes signal handling and then refer to that section from this log rotate content as needed.

Author: @cwjohnston I am thinking that the best way to do this is:
1. Propagate the changes in this PR to all versions (with minor adjustments based on versions) and merge
2. Create a new issue to explain the signal handler (https://github.com/sensu/sensu-go/pull/3723) in the backend reference and add a reference link in the 5.20 docs.

What do you think?

[25]: ../../installation/install-sensu#3-initialize
[26]: ../../sensuctl/reference/#change-admin-user-s-password
[27]: #configuration-via-environment-variables

> [28]: ../../guides/systemd-logs/

Author: ```suggestion
[28]: ../../guides/systemd-logs/
[29]: https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/29574/how-can-i-set-up-logrotate-to-rotate-logs-hourly
```

[25]: ../../installation/install-sensu#3-initialize
[26]: ../../sensuctl/reference/#change-admin-user-s-password
[27]: #configuration-via-environment-variables
[28]: ../../guides/systemd-logs/

> [29]: https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/29574/how-can-i-set-up-logrotate-to-rotate-logs-hourly

Author: ```suggestion
[29]: https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/29574/how-can-i-set-up-logrotate-to-rotate-logs-hourly
[30]: ../../release-notes/#5-19-3-release-notes
```
